START 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 < page > 
 
 exhibit 2 
 
 execution copy 
 
 
 employment agreement 
 
 

BREAK
this agreement is made as of june 1 , 1999 , between the derby cycle 
 corporation , a delaware corporation ( the " company " ) , and dan s . lynch 
 ( " executive " ) . 
 
 in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other 
 good and valuable consideration , the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
 acknowledged , the parties hereto agree as follows : 
 
 1 . employment . the company shall employ executive , and executive 
 hereby accepts employment with the company , upon the terms and conditions set 
 forth in this agreement for the period beginning on the date hereof and ending 
 as provided in paragraph 4 hereof ( the " employment period " ) . 
 
 2 .
BREAK
position and duties . 
 
 ( a ) during the employment period , executive shall serve as the chief 
 financial officer of the company and shall have the normal duties , 
 responsibilities and authority of the chief financial officer , subject to the 
 power of the company ' s president and the company ' s board of directors ( " board " ) 
 to expand or limit such duties , responsibilities and authority and to override 
 actions of officers of the company . 
 
 ( b ) during the employment period , executive shall report to the 
 company ' s president and shall devote his best efforts and his full business time 
 and attention ( except for permitted vacation periods and reasonable periods of 
 illness or other incapacity ) to the business and affairs of the company and its 
 subsidiaries . executive shall perform his duties and responsibilities to the 
 company and its subsidiaries hereunder to the best of his abilities in a 
 diligent , trustworthy and businesslike manner . the executive and the company 
 hereby agree that the executive ' s principal office will be located in the 
 stamford , connecticut area . 
 
 3 . compensation and benefits . 
 
 ( a ) during the employment period , executive ' s base salary shall be 
 $ 250 , 000 per annum or such higher rate as the board may designate from time to 
 time ( the " base salary " ) , which salary shall be payable in regular installments 
 in accordance with the company ' s general payroll practices . in addition , during 
 the employment period , executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the 
 company ' s employee benefit programs ( including medical , pension and life 
 insurance ) for which senior executive employees of the company are generally 
 eligible , and executive shall be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation each 
 year , which if not taken during any year may not be carried forward to any 
 subsequent year . such vacation shall be taken at such time or times as the 
 company ' s president approves in advance . to the extent such information is not 
 received prior to the date hereof , the company shall provide information to the 
 executive regarding all benefits that will be available to him as soon as 
 reasonably possible after commencement of the employment period . 
 
 < page > 
 
 ( b ) for each calendar year during the employment period , beginning 
 with calendar year 2000 , ( i ) the company shall pay to the executive a bonus 
 ( " executive bonus " ) of up to fifty percent ( 50 % ) of his base salary based upon 
 the achievement of financial targets for the company for such fiscal year , with 
 such financial targets to be determined by the board on or about the first 
 quarter of each such calendar year and ( ii ) executive shall be eligible for an 
 additional discretionary bonus , with the grant and amount of such bonus , if any , 
 to be at the sole discretion of the company ' s president and board ; provided 
 that , executive ' s 1999 fiscal year bonus shall be no less than seventy - five 
 thousand united states dollars ( $ 75 , 000 ) . 
 
 ( c ) during the employment period , the company shall reimburse 
 executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by him in the course of 
 performing his duties and responsibilities under this agreement which are 
 consistent with the company ' s policies in effect from time to time with respect 
 to travel , entertainment and other business expenses , subject to the company ' s 
 requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses . 
 
 4 . termination . 
 
 ( a ) the employment period shall continue until executive ' s 
 resignation , death or disability or until the board determines in its good faith 
 judgment that termination of executive ' s employment is in the best interests of 
 the company ; provided that : 
 
 ( i ) the executive hereby agrees not to resign from the company 
 without good reason until and unless the executive provides to the company 
 three months prior written notice and an opportunity to cure ; and 
 
 ( ii ) if the company terminates the executive ' s employment without 
 cause , or the executive terminates his employment for good reason , the 
 company shall ( i ) continue to pay the executive ' s base salary for a one 
 year period after termination , with such payment made , at the company ' s 
 sole option , either as a lump sum amount or in accordance with the 
 company ' s general payroll practices ( ii ) shall , during such one year 
 period , provide health coverage , under the same conditions as existed at 
 the time of termination and ( iii ) shall pay , on a pro - rata basis , executive 
 his executive bonus for the year which termination occurs , with such prorata bonus to be paid at such time as other executives of the company are 
 paid similar bonuses . 
 
 ( b ) except as otherwise expressly provided herein , all of executive ' s 
 rights to salary , bonuses , fringe benefits and other compensation hereunder 
 which accrue or become payable after the termination or expiration of the 
 employment period shall cease upon such termination or expiration . the company 
 may
BREAK
offset any amounts executive owes it or its subsidiaries against any amounts 
 it owes executive hereunder . 
 
 ( c ) for purposes of this agreement , " cause " shall mean ( i ) the 
 commission of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude or the 
 commission of any other act or omission involving material dishonesty , 
 disloyalty or fraud with respect to the company or any of its subsidiaries or 
 any of their customers or suppliers , ( ii ) chronic drug or alcohol abuse or other 
 repeated conduct causing the company or any of its subsidiaries substantial 
 public disgrace or disrepute or economic harm , ( iii ) substantial and repeated 
 failure to perform duties as reasonably 
 
 
 < page > 
 
 directed by the board or the company ' s president , after having been given twenty 
 days ' written notice and opportunity to cure ( iv ) gross negligence or willful 
 misconduct with respect to the company or any of its subsidiaries or
BREAK
( v ) any 
 other material breach of this agreement . 
 
 ( d ) for purposes of this agreement , " good reason " shall mean ( i ) a 
 material breach of this agreement by the company , ( ii ) a material change in the 
 executive ' s duties or responsibilities , ( iii ) a change in
BREAK
the executive ' s 
 reporting relationship so that he no longer reports directly to the company ' s 
 president , and ( iv ) a relocation of the executive ' s work site to a location 75 
 miles or more from the stamford , connecticut area or such other location as 
 established by the company during the summer of 1999 . 
 
 ( e ) for the purposed of this agreement , " disability " shall mean a 
 disability through any illness , injury , accident , or condition of either a 
 physical or psychological nature and , as a result , the executive is , with or 
 without reasonable accommodation , unable to perform the functions of the 
 services contemplated hereunder for ( a ) a period of 75 consecutive days , or ( b ) 
 for shorter periods aggregating 100 days during any 12 month period during the 
 employment period . 
 
 5 . confidential information . executive acknowledges that the nonpublic information , observations and data ( including trade secrets ) obtained by 
 him while employed by the company and its subsidiaries concerning the business 
 or affairs of the company , and its subsidiaries ( " confidential information " ) are 
 the property of the company or such subsidiaries . therefore , executive agrees 
 that he shall not disclose to any unauthorized person or use for his own 
 purposes any confidential information without the prior written consent of the 
 board . 
 
 6 . non - compete , non - solicitation . 
 
 ( a ) in further consideration of the compensation to be paid to 
 executive hereunder , executive acknowledges that in the course of his employment 
 with the company and its subsidiaries he shall become familiar with the 
 company ' s trade secrets and with other confidential information concerning the 
 company and its subsidiaries and that his services shall be of special , unique 
 and extraordinary value to the company and its subsidiaries . therefore , 
 executive agrees that , during the employment period and for one year thereafter 
 ( the " noncompete period " ) , he shall not directly or indirectly own any interest 
 in ( other than an interest of 5 % or less in any publicly - traded company ) , 
 manage , control , participate in , consult with , render services for , or in any 
 manner engage in any business competing with the businesses of the company or 
 its subsidiaries , as such businesses exist , within any geographical area in 
 which the company or its subsidiaries engage in such businesses . 
 
 ( b ) during the noncompete period , executive shall not directly or 
 indirectly through another entity ( i ) induce or attempt to induce any employee 
 of the company or any of its subsidiary to leave the employ of the company or 
 such subsidiary , or in any way interfere with the relationship between the 
 company or any of its subsidiary and any employee thereof , ( ii ) hire any person 
 who was an employee of the company or any of its subsidiary at any time during 
 the employment period or ( iii ) induce or attempt to induce any customer , 
 supplier , licensee , licensor , franchisee or other business relation of the 
 company or any of its subsidiaries to cease doing business with the company or 
 such subsidiary , or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such 
 customer , supplier , licensee or business
BREAK
relation and the company or any of its 
 subsidiaries 
 
 
 < page > 
 
 ( including , without limitation , making any negative or disparaging statements or 
 communications regarding the company or its subsidiaries ) . 
 
 ( c ) if , at the time of enforcement of paragraphs 5 or 6 of this 
 agreement , a court holds that the restrictions stated herein are unreasonable 
 under circumstances then existing , the parties hereto agree that the maximum 
 period , scope or geographical area reasonable under such circumstances shall be 
 substituted for the stated period , scope or area . in the event a breach or 
 threatened breach of this agreement , the company or its successors or assigns , 
 in addition to other rights and remedies existing in their favor , shall be 
 entitled to specific performance and / or injunctive or other equitable relief 
 from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce , or prevent any 
 violations of , the provisions hereof ( without posting a bond or other security ) . 
 
 7 . executive ' s representations . executive hereby represents and 
 warrants to the company that ( i ) the execution , delivery and performance of this 
 agreement by executive do not and shall not conflict with , breach , violate or 
 cause a default under any contract , agreement , instrument , order , judgment or 
 decree to which executive is a party or by which he is bound , ( ii ) except as set 
 forth on schedule a , executive is not a party to or bound by any employment 
 agreement , noncompete agreement or confidentiality agreement with any other 
 person or entity and ( iii ) upon the execution and delivery of this agreement by 
 the company , this agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of 
 executive , enforceable in accordance with its terms . executive hereby 
 acknowledges and represents that he has consulted with independent legal counsel 
 regarding his rights and obligations under this agreement and that he fully 
 understands the terms and conditions contained herein . 
 
 8 . complete agreement . this agreement , those documents expressly 
 referred to herein and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete 
 agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede and preempt any 
 prior understandings , agreements or representations by or among the parties , 
 written or oral , which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way . 
 
 9 . governing law . the validity , construction , interpretation , 
 administration and effect of this agreement shall be governed , construed and 
 interpreted under the laws of the state of new york without giving any effect to 
 any choice of law rules of any state
BREAK
. 
 
 10 . signing bonus and attorney ' s fees . 
 
 ( a ) on the date hereof , the company paid executive a signing bonus of 
 thirty - five thousand united states dollars ( us $ 35 , 000 ) ( the " signing bonus " ) . 
 executive hereby agrees to repay to the company such signing bonus ( the " signing 
 bonus repayment " ) if prior to the first anniversary of the date hereof executive 
 either ( i ) resigns from the company without good reason or ( ii ) is dismissed by 
 the company with cause , with such signing bonus payment being made by executive 
 in immediately available funds within 15 days of such resignation or dismissal , 
 as the case may be . 
 
 ( b ) the company shall pay the executive ' s reasonable attorneys ' fees 
 for the preparation and negotiation of this agreement and related documents 
 entered into on the date hereof ; 
 
 < page > 
 
 provided that , the company ' s obligations to reimburse such attorney ' s fee shall 
 in no event exceed seven thousand five hundred united states dollars ( us $ 7 , 500 ) . 
 
 11 . arbitration . sections 4 . 7 and 4 . 8 of the management stock 
 purchase agreement , dated as of the date hereof between the parties hereto , is 
 hereby incorporated herein by reference
BREAK
. 
 
 
 * * * * * 
 
 < page > 
 
 in witness whereof , the parties hereto have executed this agreement as 
 of the date first written above . 
 
 
 the derby cycle corporation 
 
 
 
 by
BREAK
: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 
 its : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 
 
 
 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
BREAK

 dan s . lynch 
 
 END
BREAK
